Ben Hertz: The very first thing that we, we realized was that the community needed it.
Ben Hertz: Our city has over a hundred and twenty-thousand people who didn't have access to these type
Ben Hertz: of services before we opened our store in our pharmacy, and now they come in every day
Ben Hertz: and tell us how much of a great idea it was. Every day literally people come in and say
Ben Hertz: “This is the greatest idea. We needed one of these in our town.” Another reason The UPS Store
Ben Hertz: was a great fit is that we had the space and we were looking to increase foot traffic in our store.
Ben Hertz: I mean we see hundreds of new people every day—new people that have never set foot in the store,
Ben Hertz: people that don't even know about our store, people that have never heard of our pharmacy
Ben Hertz: are coming in. And they, they love the concept, they love being able to do both things at once.
Ben Hertz: Our store being inside the pharmacy also gives us extended hours, um, that our customers
Ben Hertz: really appreciate. Customers can come in before work, after work.
Ben Hertz: Our store offers them the convenience of being there when they need us.
Ben Hertz: The pharmacy customers now come in and see The UPS Store offerings and
Ben Hertz: The UPS Store customers who've never been in the pharmacy before now see the pharmacy offerings.
Ben Hertz: And, um, since we pride ourselves on customer service we hope that the service ”
Ben Hertz: that they’re receiving from The UPS Store is indicative of the, of the service
Ben Hertz: that they’re gonna receive in the pharmacy and something clicks in their head and says
Ben Hertz:  “Oh! Hey, I might get treated okay here—maybe I’ll bring my prescriptions here.